docs/hardware_dev/assembly.rst, before:

.. _hardware_assembly:

Assembly of components
======================

This section will describe how to assemble the hardware BusKill cable prior to using it.

For information on how to use the BusKill cable, see :ref:`hardware_usr`

.. image:: /images/buskill_assemble2.gif
	:alt: image shows the assembly of the BusKill cable
	:align: center

Step 1: Attach carabiner to USB drive
-------------------------------------

First, connect the carabiner (clip) to the USB drive.

.. figure:: /images/buskill_cable_assembly1.jpg
	:alt: image of carabiner being connected to USB drive
	:align: center

	Step 1: Attach Carabiner to USB drive

Step 2: Plug USB drive into cable
---------------------------------

Next, plug the USB drive into the female end of the USB extension cable.

.. figure:: /images/buskill_cable_assembly2.jpg
	:alt: image of USB drive being plugged-into USB extension cable
	:align: center

	Step 2: Plug-in the USB drive into the USB extension cable

Step 3: Plug USB cable into magnetic breakaway
----------------------------------------------

Finally, plug the the male end of the USB extension cable into the USB magnetic breakaway adapter.

.. figure:: /images/buskill_cable_assembly3.jpg
	:alt: image of USB cable being plugged-into magnetic breakaway
	:align: center

	Step 2: Plug-in the USB extension cable into the magnetic breakaway

Commit message:

Suggestion to clarify that the USB drive can be (should be?) blank
I spent too longer wondering if I was missing something, by nothing having anything to install on the USB device. The docs did not say I did, nor that I did not. This is an attempt to fix that.

docs/hardware_dev/assembly.rst, after:

.. _hardware_assembly:

Assembly of components
======================

This section will describe how to assemble the hardware BusKill cable prior to using it.

For information on how to use the BusKill cable, see :ref:`hardware_usr`

.. image:: /images/buskill_assemble2.gif
	:alt: image shows the assembly of the BusKill cable
	:align: center

Step 1: Attach carabiner to USB drive
-------------------------------------

First, connect the carabiner (clip) to the USB drive.

.. figure:: /images/buskill_cable_assembly1.jpg
	:alt: image of carabiner being connected to USB drive
	:align: center

	Step 1: Attach Carabiner to USB drive

Note that you do not need to install anything on the USB drive. No software, and no configuration file. Just plug in the drive, blank.

Step 2: Plug USB drive into cable
---------------------------------

Next, plug the USB drive into the female end of the USB extension cable.

.. figure:: /images/buskill_cable_assembly2.jpg
	:alt: image of USB drive being plugged-into USB extension cable
	:align: center

	Step 2: Plug-in the USB drive into the USB extension cable

Step 3: Plug USB cable into magnetic breakaway
----------------------------------------------

Finally, plug the the male end of the USB extension cable into the USB magnetic breakaway adapter.

.. figure:: /images/buskill_cable_assembly3.jpg
	:alt: image of USB cable being plugged-into magnetic breakaway
	:align: center

	Step 2: Plug-in the USB extension cable into the magnetic breakaway
